README.md, before:

=====================================================================
                                                                     
	                         JCLAL
		A Java Class Library for Active Learning 
                
		            9 February 2016

			      version 1.1
                                                                       		 
           	    web: http://jclal.sourceforge.net
			 https://github.com/ogreyesp/JCLAL          
=====================================================================

JCLAL framework is open source software and it is distributed under the GNU general public license. It is constructed with a high-level software environment, with a strong object oriented design and use of design patterns, which allow to the developers reuse, modify and extend the framework. Up to date, JCLAL uses the WEKA (http://weka.sourceforge.net) and MULAN (http://mulan.sourceforge.net) libraries to implement the most significant query strategies that have appeared on the single-label and multi-label learning paradigms. For next versions, we hope to include query strategies related with multi-instance and multi-label-multi-instance learning paradigms.

The user can download the current version of JCLAL from:

 SourceForge: http://sourceforge.net/projects/jclal/files/

 GitHub: https://github.com/ogreyesp/JCLAL/archive/master.zip

 Maven repository: http://search.maven.org/remotecontent?filepath=net/sf/jclal/jclal/1.1/
		  http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/net.sf.jclal/jclal/1.1

 Sonatype OSSRH repository: https://oss.sonatype.org/#nexus-search;quick~jclal

The source code can be obtained using SVN, GIT and Mercurial via SourceForge. The source code can be also obtained unsing GIT via GitHub. The source code of JCLAL is free and available under the GNU General Public License (GPL) v3. Thus, it can be distributed and modified without any fee.

There is available a document for the users and developers. The document can be downloaded from SourceForge or GitHub.

If you have implemented an active learning strategy, scenario or extension using the JCLAL classes, and you would like to make it available to the community, please submit your contribution to ogreyesp@gmail.com.

If you find any bugs, please send a bug report to ogreyesp@gmail.com. Any comment or constribution will be well received.

Commit message:

Created directory ./doc/ where I've unjarred *.javadoc.jar, added some goodies in the README

README.md, after:

=====================================================================
                                                                     
	                         JCLAL
		A Java Class Library for Active Learning 
                
		            9 February 2016

			      version 1.1
                                                                       		 
           	    web: http://jclal.sourceforge.net
			 https://github.com/ogreyesp/JCLAL          
=====================================================================

# Introduction

JCLAL framework is open source software and it is distributed under the GNU general public license. It is constructed with a high-level software environment, with a strong object oriented design and use of design patterns, which allow to the developers reuse, modify and extend the framework. Up to date, JCLAL uses the WEKA (http://weka.sourceforge.net) and MULAN (http://mulan.sourceforge.net) libraries to implement the most significant query strategies that have appeared on the single-label and multi-label learning paradigms. For next versions, we hope to include query strategies related with multi-instance and multi-label-multi-instance learning paradigms.

# Sources

The user can download the current version of JCLAL from:

 SourceForge: [http://sourceforge.net/projects/jclal/files/]

 GitHub: [https://github.com/ogreyesp/JCLAL/archive/master.zip] or fork/`git clone` the source.

 Maven repository: [http://search.maven.org/remotecontent?filepath=net/sf/jclal/jclal/1.1/]
		  [http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/net.sf.jclal/jclal/1.1]

 Sonatype OSSRH repository: [https://oss.sonatype.org/#nexus-search;quick~jclal]

The source code can be obtained using SVN, GIT and Mercurial via SourceForge. The source code can be also obtained unsing GIT via GitHub. The source code of JCLAL is free and available under the GNU General Public License (GPL) v3. Thus, it can be distributed and modified without any fee.

# Documentation

You'll find the documentation and API inside the directory `doc/` along with the original `*.javadoc.jar` file.

# Development

If you have implemented an active learning strategy, scenario or extension using the JCLAL classes, and you would like to make it available to the community, please submit your contribution to ogreyesp@gmail.com.

# Bugs

If you find any bugs, please send a bug report to ogreyesp@gmail.com. Any comment or constribution will be well received.
